hello dear people friend warmly
welcome to this short video clip
through lotto online by doing so on this
video landed until I assume
that you can train for a possibility
play lotto online
in the beginning the good news is
possible and legally allowed since
first of july 2012
because they agreed
federal states to a new one
gambling treaty the whole
It has been legal since January 2009
for a while banned nevertheless
There were a few foreign suppliers
in a legal gray zone that
Offer lottery games online
as I said it is now perfect
regulated and allowed to be offered
the games 6 of 49 game 77 super 6
euro jackpot and the lucky spiral
partly also cinema but then comes
just on the provider on it to providers
There are different for example law.de
Lotte 24 de or lotto heroes
maybe one or the other now he will
say my god where i am now
game is not the end of the matter that is
it not
be careful that behind the
Portal also a German name
Company stands as for example
at lotto heroes it is the german
telekom
in terms of price, it is also a bit
different because the all different
have administrative fees and the price
I just composed differently
is the one a bit more expensive other
a little cheaper and motto heroes
counts here among the cheaper ones myself
play with lotto heroes and I'm off
excited
That's why I want you all
briefly introduce motto heroes
the link to the internet page of lotto
I have heroes down in the
description inserted directly first
just click on it and you will land
the website of lotto heroes and can
There then also lotto online play
motto heroes offers different
among other benefits, the
register completely for free and
non-binding and playing is also
cheaper than in the reception
There are still different pay
methods such as
visa card mastercard europe or else
More and more popular paypal around at lottery
We have to be able to play heroes
Register as a new customer first
For this there is the button right
new at the top of the website
then we click on it and land immediately
in the registration form here we give
then our desired access data
first the e- mail then the confirmation
the e-mail
we choose and his password what
as sure as possible is repeat that
again and just below then ours
personal data, a so our measures
our address and date of birth
for what needed people would have these
information motto heroes must
Of course, make sure that we as
enough to play lotto
because the lottery is a gamble
and we also have to act in
Germany are therefore reported the
then we will continue to read the address
still very briefly the agb and the
privacy statement as we use this
agree as soon as we register
is that all done, we click on
register and send immediately in
internal area at lotto heroes
We then find logged in
We can register with lotto heroes
in the future, simply log in to us
We look at the website above
Enter the e-mail address the
enter the password and click login
playing lotto with lotto hero is
conceivably simple we have here then
Selection lottery 6 from 49 euro jackpot
Glücksspirale and keno as soon as we come along
the mouse over one of these points
over it appear the under
different tickets we
can play like for example the
normal certificate full system and also
of his life
here we just click the
desired ticket and then get
century the online ticket
does not appear that way
different from the regular seems
we made the assumption auditor, we know
just click the corresponding one
field that we want to play
pay and then have it
the possibility still different
to make settings such as
example of education the weeks
term or even if it is a
duration ticket continues to act
is the possibility here one
randomly generated lottery number to play
or the lottery itself
choose yourself
put together and the super number
can be chosen by yourself
additional lotteries can continue
be selected play 77 super 6 and
We then all have free spirits
Settings can be made
Click on lottery and then come
directly to a query if we still
play another game ticket
want or want to pay
The whole thing goes with the payment
pretty easy then we have to
Choose whether we pay with credit card
would like to pay or paypal
if available with already
Existing credits that is if we
someday have won something
can the whole thing in there then too
be held and then used
to play again new tickets
we exist
The method of payment and Schwupps is the
game ticket already played
as I said lotto heroes I think
personally very easy is very
It's fun to build up
and is cheaper than when
one now at the reception directly
It is also very comfortable to play
does not have to go out of the house
right now in the cold season
you do not have to first one
or even if you go
it just forgot in the evening and short
before the deadline, people still think
Today is a great jackpot in it
I want to play lotto one can
that very fast from the computer or just
even from the smartphone still done
and still takes the current draw
part
the link to the lotto hero to the
I intern as stated below
simply inserted in the description
click on it and you land directly on
the website and you can
Sign in
that was it so far from me me
I wish you much fun playing the lottery
especially good luck and toi toi
toi